### Regression with all confounders 

When the relationships between covariates and the outcome are non-linear, the linear regression estimate for the ATT is likely to be biased.  In our situation the estimate is -6.6 which is noticeably different from the true ATT! While linear regression attempts to account for the imbalance of `age`, the model simply doesn't fit the data well and thus can't provide a good prediction of the counterfactual state!

Linear regression assumes that the relationships between predictors and the response are linear.  when the treatment is not randomly assigned we can no longer expect balance between groups and need to rely more on our statistical model. In the case of linear regression, this means leaning on the assumption that relationships are linear which may or may not be true! When this assumption is not true, estimates from a linear regression are likely to be biased. This assumption is less of a problem when the treatment is randomly assigned and we'll have a new module coming soon that explains why. 

In our current observational study, it is tempting to think about transforming the data, adding polynomial terms or adding interactions to the regression to improve the fit. While this might work once in a while when only a few predictors are involved, in practice this is not a sustainable solution. Imagine if we had 10, 20 or even 200 confounders we needed to account for! Identifying which variables need to be transformed or which interaction term would need to be added would quickly become impossible.
